New commerce documentation (#194)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/commerce/order_management/order_management.md

---
description: Order management module handles orders and allows managing orders in the system.
edition: commerce
---

# Order management

The Order management module allows the system to create orders following a purchase made by a customer of the e-commerce presence.

With the Back Office **Orders** screen, you can search for orders and filter search results. 

> Depending on the permissions assigned to your [user role](permissions_and_users.md), you might be able to review order details, track order fulfillment status, and cancel orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the permissions assigned to your [user role](permissions_and_users.md), you might be able to review order details, track order completion status, and cancel orders.
```
just because "complete" is used in the interface, to keep consistent naming

![Orders screen](order_list.png "Orders screen")

The Order management package interacts with other packages of the system, so that:

- when you successfully pass the checkout stage, stock is decreased and payment and shipment workflows are initiated

> - when you cancel your order, stock is replenished and payment and shipment are cancelled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when you cancel your order, the decreased stock is restored and payment and shipment are cancelled
```
